# How to use it: Fill this file with the following commands
#
# run_Test test_name                                           test_folder 
#
# Where test folder is the directory inside sw/apps/spi_regression

run_Test testMCHAN_multi_core_basic                             testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_multi_core_multi_trans                       testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_multi_core_tx_rx_reco                        testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_basic                                        testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_multi_core_basic_reco                        testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_multi_core_tx_rx                             testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_TCDM2TCDM_multi_core_tx_rx                   testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_basic_ld                                     testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_multi_core_contention_l2                     testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_multi_core_tx_rx_contention_l2               testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_TCDM2TCDM_multi_core_tx_rx_contention        testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_multi_core_contention_l2_tcdm                testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_multi_core_tx_rx_contention_l2_tcdm          testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_TCDM2TCDM_reco_multi_core_tx_rx              testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_basic_st                                     testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_multi_core_contention_tcdm                   testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_multi_core_tx_rx_contention_tcdm             testMCHAN
run_Test testMCHAN_TCDM2TCDM_reco_multi_core_tx_rx_contention   testMCHAN
#run_Test DCT                                                    DCT
run_Test Dijkstra                                               Dijkstra
run_Test LU                                                     LU
run_Test MonteCarlo                                             MonteCarlo
run_Test Sparse                                                 Sparse
#run_Test gomp_rn_test                                           gomp
run_Test testCVP                                                testCVP
run_Test testL2                                                 testL2
run_Test testTCDM                                               testTCDM
#run_Test testMMU                                                testMMU
run_Test bubblesort                                             generic_apps
run_Test towerofhanoi                                           generic_apps
run_Test fibonacci                                              generic_apps
run_Test dummypar1                                              generic_apps
run_Test matrixAdd                                              generic_apps
run_Test matrixMul                                              generic_apps
run_Test sudokusolver                                           generic_apps
run_Test parMatrixMul                                           generic_apps
run_Test stencil                                                generic_apps
run_Test crc_32                                                 generic_apps
run_Test fdct                                                   generic_apps
run_Test testMAC3                                               or10n_tests
run_Test testMUL                                                or10n_tests
run_Test testPrePost                                            or10n_tests
run_Test testIRQ                                                or10n_tests
run_Test testALU                                                or10n_tests
run_Test testVec                                                or10n_tests
run_Test testVecCmp                                             or10n_tests
run_Test testVecCmpAll                                          or10n_tests
run_Test testVecCmpAny                                          or10n_tests
run_Test testMisaligned                                         or10n_tests
